[datadog_integration_aws_event_bridge] Add support for AWS Event Bridge integration (#2204)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/integration_aws_event_bridge.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_integration_aws_event_bridge Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   Provides a datadogintegrationawseventbridge resource. This can be used to create and manage Event Sources for each Datadog integrated AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Provides a Datadog - Amazon Web Services integration EventBridge resource. This can be used to create and manage Event Sources for each Datadog integrated AWS account.
```

Reviewer: For consistency with other AWS resource descriptions

---

# datadog_integration_aws_event_bridge (Resource)

> Provides a datadog_integration_aws_event_bridge resource. This can be used to create and manage Event Sources for each Datadog integrated AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a datadog_integration_aws_event_bridge resource. This can be used to create and manage Event Sources for each Datadog-integrated AWS account.
```
